---
layout: post
title: New year, new blog!
tags: [life]
---
<dd>For many of you, 2018 may be just another year, another 365 days to experience the joys of life or perhaps to learn wise lessons. To me, this coming year has much significance to me, for it is the eighteenth year of my life (Yes, I was born in the 2000's and yes it does make it easier to remember my age...). This year officially marks the beginning of my adulthood, so I thought what better time to start a blog than now!

## H2 Mini Introduction <br>
<dd>First off, my name is Stella and I live in a small town called White Rock, which is in beautiful British Columbia. The main goal of this blog is to share my adventures, experiences, and life lessons with any willing audience in attempt to spread positivity. Now, be prepared; this blog may end up an unorganized mess with the most random ideas, but I hope you will bear with me on this journey. I am fairly new to growing up and to blogging, so I promise you they will be filled with mistakes and errors. Like they say, "Failure is the key to success," right? 

## H2 Interests <br>
<dd>A few fundamental hobbies I participate in during my free time include travel, sports, music, and community. These are important to note, as many of them will be the main focus of future life lessons. Many extracurricular activities have contributed to the development of these passions over the years. They have earned a place in my heart by being there during the highs and the lows in life; traveling is even the cornerstone of the best memories that I could never forget. Lastly, spontaneity is something I try hard to keep in my life. Whether it be a three AM McDonalds run with my closest friends or hopping on the nearest mountain for a skiing trip, new experiences are always welcome in my life. 

## H2 Summary <br>
<dd>I think this will be the standard format and length for my future blog posts, although I might tweak a few details. I really hope some of my words can reach at least one of the seven billion people on this Earth, or else I would just be writing this to prevent any future memory loss from affecting me drastically... This is my colloquial approach to important life lessons. I hope you enjoy!

Sincerely, <br>
Stella