---
layout: post
title: life is just a bunch of decisions 
tags: pblog
---


life is just a bunch of decisions - more of them wrong than right, might I add


It's been a minute since I've had the time to refelct. Honestly, school has been so hectice that I haven't really even had the chance to breath. I keep putting my brain on emotional pause, thinking to myself - after this midterm, after this assignment, etc. I admit, that's not a very healthy practice for my mental health. I hate losing sight of my goals and what's important to me because it always feels like i'm wasting my time and losing myself whenever that happens. Like I am spending all my hours and minutes studying, completing assignments and not taking care of myself and what for. I always make it a point to find purpose in everything I do. Even if it is something I hate, if it's a stepping stone for what I wish to achieve or if it's something that I know is right/ good for me, then that counts as purpose. However, nowadays it seems like choosing the hardest major feels a bit pointless. I've landed a FANNG internship, the goal for any computer science field student really and I'm confident I have the technical skills to achieve everything I want to beyond graduation. So why am I still spending my AMs grinding assignments and not doing what I want. I want to draw and play guitar and spend time with the people that I love. I want to meet new people and try new things. I want to go to parties and buy new clothes to dress up. There are so many things that I want to do and I should be doing in my twenties over this. I find it so easy to fall into the trap of comparing with my peers. The fact that my friends in my major are some of the smartest people I know makes me have to work extra hard to even come close to them let alone compete with them. 

I made it a goal to try to not compare to others knowing that everyone has different goals and different things they choose to spend their time and energy on. I just need constant reminders of what is important to me. I recently finished the book Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo (such an amazing read by the way, I could not put it down), which was an effective reminder to not lose focus on what is really important versus focuing on career and self. In the shower today, I had a shower thought that similar to how you can classify people as optimists vs pessimists, people can be classified in another way - those who strive for money and those who strive for love. Similar to optimists/ pessimists, there is not one category that is better than the other. Some people find happiness and meaning in being successful and wealthy, others don't need any money as long as they are surrounded by loved ones. And, most people will argue that they are both. This remains true that everyone wants both money and happiness, but needless to say we can't have everything. And when it comes down to a decison that implicitly or explicitly is a decision between the two, we subconsciouly choose based on what we prioritize more. 

I'm not sure where I was going with that theory, but all I want to say is that it's important to analyze what is important to you and how a decision will affect these things. My routine is pretty balanced at the moment... I have a comfortable amount of money to spend, I live with my brother, I call my parents often, I spend time with friends at least once a week, I am meeting and getting to know new friends better, I am keeping up with school work, my startup projects are struggling a bit given they are lower priority. On the surface level, it seems like I have my entire life together, but why does it not feel that way. It always seems my mind can think of other things that I want and can be working on. 

I dont' know, I'm just very confused. I think my emotional brain is being over crowded with all the thoughts and feelings I've been pushing off / keeping closed behind a locked door while I focus on school assignments. I think it's something that I need to work on - being worse at compartmentalizing parts of my life. Like is it normal that I'm able to push off dealing with the emotional consequences of a break up for two weeks ?? I literally took it and locked it behind a closed door in my heart for the past two weeks and am just now letting it out to be dealt with. Honestly, I think doing this hurt Seann a lot (hime seeing me supposedly doing okay after the breakup, not that he doesn't want me to be okay he just didnt expect it). I don't know... I'm going to come back to this in a few days after I've had some time to process and it's not 5 AM and I've fixed my sleep schedule...

All I know right now is I want to DO THINGS. I want to push myself to be UNAFRAID. Unafraid of trying new things, unafraid of talking to new people, unafraid of standing up for myself, unafraid to make mistakes and embarrass myself. There is so much more but it's weird to say that my goal right now is to have no goal and try to get to know myself better that way. I will follow wherever my heart wanders to without any direction. 

There's not much that I know right now but I do know that I am very very excited for the next few years to come. They are going to be the best few of my life and I am going to make the most of it. 

Here is one concrete thing that I do want to work on though: CONFIDENCE!!! I am a gorgeous, smart, and amiable main character. I am going to try to live up to that, I'm done with this humble, timid, shy bullshit. That's not the real me and I have no clue why I hide it to be that way (@ psychology people pls analyze me and my childhood)

, <br>
Stella
