---
layout: post
title: I wish I ...
tags: pblog
---

Today was a long day full of "I wish I ..." thoughts. 


"I wish I..." thoughts are common and it is entirely normal to have them, but being an overachiever and overthinker surrounded by some of the smartest people makes it especially hard. Today was the first day back to school after a long reading break. Back tracking a bit, I've recently been growing close to my CPEN friends - everyone plays games together, chats in class together, and we've even hung out outside of school a few times now. I'm not sure where this stems from, but I have this issue of caring what others think about me obssessively and this really affects me especially in new and large friend groups. I tend to compare how much others like me versus the others in the group, if I'm boring people etc. It makes me not able to just be myself and say whatever I want when I want. I also get really in my head because I am aware of this habit and hate it. 

I think my obssessive personality tunred the goal of "being the best version of myself" into a hyper self awareness making me subsconsciously overthink everything I do/ say. Instead, I want to shift this goal to be a "GOOD version of myself". I don't need to be the best at what I do or be the most liked by everyone. I just want to work hard enough that I am confident I am good at what I do career wise and make meaningful relationships social wise. Honestly, I am already doing a damn good job and have so so much to be proud of. The way I balance school, social and personal life may not be perfect and may never be perfect, but I am so so happy with the life that I have built so far and am very excited to see where it leads in the near future. There is so much excitement ahead - graduation, full time work, being able to get a pet, my dream car, and much more. There is absolutely no rush to reach any of these goals. I'm confident I will reach them eventually. I just need to focus on the now. 

Right now, I need to focus on letting myself live FREELY. stop obssessing over the tiny details and try to focus on the bigger picture. Honestly, a few years from now who is going to remember any of the samll things. You are totally allowed to reach out to strangers, ask questions!!!, make bad jokes, admit to not knowing things, be unashamed, be embarrassed, make mistakes, ask for things!, get rejected, cry about it, be unapologetically happy, love hard, get injured, try new things with fearing looking bad! Who cares!!! Post stupid things on social media, get a tattoo, go shopping, spoil your friends and family, oh my gosh there is so much to live for!! 

Let the people who bring you good energy know you appreciate them and return the good vibes! Also stop trying to predict people.. There is no need to try to predict interactions with people just to be disappointed by it. It's a really simple thing, don't overcomplicate it.

Anyhow, I'm so happy to have met so many amazing people this semester, they really helped make the school year pass by super quickly. I will try my very best to strengthen these relationships in the short amount of time that we have left together and go out of my way to reach out even if not presented with the opportunity to connect anymore. 

PS, shout out to my homies for cheering me up on bad days like these; so much of my happiness comes from you guys ily all. 




- imposter syndrome + being an overachiever/ overthinker means I'm always thinking about what could be, what I should have done, comparing to others etc
- today was a hard day. I'm on my period, just got back from reading week vacation and many assignments due
- a lot of jealousy (not in bad vain) super happy for my firends - listening to them talk about their fun times on vacation and struggling to decide between full time offers really made me have "I wish I" thoughts
- On top of that the smallest things would trigger me and made me really sad towards the end of the day. Bussing home alone after class literally coding on the bus to make every minute productive; assmt due at midnight
- It also made me realize how self aware of my emotions I was
- This may not seem like a big deal, but I have a tendency to shove down hard emotions/ thoughts and lock them away instead of facing them feeling them and dealing with them. Soo actually being sad on the bus and listening to sad music made me really proud of myself. 
- I called my best friend listening to her debate about her big decision - not helping much with advice but just listening 
- I told her I was feeling sad and honestly I think that was enough I told her I maybe needed a big cry but then got hyperfocused on finishing my assignment instead
- honestly I dont think this is a good habit, I tend to just dive into work when I'm sad or am feeling not confident in myself. 
- anyhow now we're here, I have finished the assignment, feel better, and am really proud of myself honestly. 
- I'm sure this is normal w most people but I always see talent in my peers, online, etc 
- recently read an old colleague's blog and was jealous of her writing skill, jealous of friends that own houses, jealous of graduating friends having full times and earning full time wages. 
- in the end all I can really do is use that to my advantage as motivation to better myself and make good decisions. 
- there is absolutely no need for me to rush through life. I need to remind myself that enjoying the present is the only way to live a good life. 
- everyone has bad days
- We pick ourselves back up and be a better version of ourself next day
- Decided to set a goal to try to compare to others less often and just be my best self. Everyone has differing skills and personalities. All I want to do is get to know everyones stories and be the best version of myself
- bring good energy and vibes to those around me and make sure my loved ones know that they are loved by me. 

- as an aside, on top of being self aware of my emotions, I've recently come to realize how prominent my ADHD symptoms are 
- I have a tendency to hyperfocus on tasks. ie, I will not do my assignment with an estimated work time of 60 hours incrementally over a few days. I will lose focus and procrastinate until a burst of energy strikes and grind to finish it in one setting. 
- I've really come to accept this trait of mine and actually find it kind of cool. 
- I'm excited to continue to learn about myself and let myself be whoever I want to be and do whatever I want to do. 
- Goal in life right now is to live freely and see where that takes me while talking to as many people as I can to learn their stories and learn/ grow through them
- surround myself with good energy people and make happy memories while I have the chance

, <br>
Stella
