---
layout: post
title: Overstressed!!
tags: blog
---


Holy moly how is it already March 2022


I was binging EthosLab minecraft videos the other day. I was watching his newest modded minecraft series where he is working with machines and such and I came across [a clip](https://youtu.be/ErKEpkWS30M?t=1151) that is very relatable. It got me thinking, that I personally (can't speak for everyone else) function very much like how a machine does. Specifically, in the way I handle my mental health. I've noticed I fall into this pattern of filling up my schedule with work and other things until my stress meter tells me that I am over stressed. A hard lesson I have learnt over the years is being okay with falling through with commitments when the stress meter is at its max. (eg, flaking on plans with friends, or resigning from a club, skipping the gym on sleep deprived days, etc) Although this is not always ideal, whether because my stubborn self insisting I can do everything or becuase it is hard to choose what to prioritize and what to ditch. We learnt the hard way that it is absolutely necessary and worth it in the end to not push the limit too hard :-)

In hindsight, this model/ pattern totally makes sense and everyone should follow it. But speaking from experience, it is not always easy to 1 recognize the state of your stress meter and 2 to listen to it. As an overachiever, I am constantly challenging my limits and cutting it very close - often times not in a very healthy way. Understand that everyone has different limits, different goals, and different ways to deal with it. Many are still learning, and many are perfectly content with their state of mind and don't need to change anything. This is just my personal experience and findings through the past few years of growth and reflection. 

I've learnt that I work better in an all or nothing fashion. This means that I can have a semester of full time course load and a part time job on the side, if that means I can have an entire month off at the end for vacation and relaxation time. Many others prefer a better balance. For example, spreading out the full course load into the summer or working during the month off rather than during the semester. I've also noticed that this is my preferred workstyle from day to day. Maybe becuase of the nature of my job as a software developer or maybe it's becuase of my personality, I'd much rather have one burst of total concentration and productivity where I grind to get my tasks done and don't stop before they are done, rather than spreading them out into multiple days/ sessions. And I don't mean that as in I don't take any breaks while working or I don't break large tasks into smaller more feasible subtasks. It's more so I work in spontaneous bursts of energy, where when I feel I am able to be productive, I get as much done as possible. This work style is a bit more riskly than the traditional steady and incremental workstyle, but it works for me and it makes me enjoy my tasks a lot more. I've realized the reason this works is because in the more traditional workstyle, I find I can never catch a real break. For example, at the end of the day after I have completed the portion of work for the day, I am still thinking about the rest of the work. Having that on my mind adds to my stress and anxiety so that I can not completely relax even during downtime. 