---
layout: post
title: The time I broke my leg
tags: blog
---


Life is full of unexpected twists and turns

# STORY TIME
The date is May 1st aka my 22nd birthday. I had just completed my first half marathon and had a wonderful birthday dinner at Haidilao with my besties. Now, I am sitting on a flight to Taiwan ready to see my parents for the first time in three years (thanks to Covid). Although it sucks that I have to waste ten days in quarantine upon arrival, the sheer excitemet of spending a whole month with my parents gets me through each boring day in isolation. Plus I can't complain much about quarantine with parents that spoil me everyday by dropping off good food and snacks and bubble tea. 

Fast forward to May 13th, the most exciting time when I am finally allowed to step foot out of my aunt's lovely apartment that she let me stay in during quarantine. The humid Taiwan air has never felt so fresh and the mundane convenince stores suddenly are the most invigorating sights. That first weekend, my parents and I enjoyed each other's company and spent the days walking around outdoors and buying yummy takeout given Covid is spreading like crazy in Taiwan at the moment. Eventually, my parents both had to go to work, so I picked up Harry Potter to pass the time. 

That first Tuesday was the day things took an unexpected turn. My dad had taken the day off work to spend time with me. It was so exciting, he was taking me out on my uncle's new motorbike as he got his license recently and I have an unhealhty obssession with motorcycles. It was the best day - dad took me to one of the tourist spots in Taiwan with great views. We enjoyed some sausages as a snack, took loads of photos, and walked around the streets. He rode exceptionally slow, never passing anyone and took frequent breaks. We checked the time and it was nearly 5 o'clock, so we had decided to start heading home. The route back had some downhills as our destination was in the mountains. Unfortunately, we hit a really sharp, near U-turn that was also on a steep down hill. Being unfamiliar with the route and probably the added weight on the motorbike, our speed was too fast to control. The bike hit an electrical box at the middle point of the turn and we fell over. Instantly, I looked over at Dad sitting on the ground to check that he was alright. We looked at each other and let out a nervous laugh, in shock that we had crashed. I said to him "All good, all good. We are alright. " after seeing no blood and noone unconscious. Then, we checked for injuries. My head and upper body were completely fine, but when I tried to move my right leg, I noticed something strange - I was not able to move my right foot. A second later, I realized that my right tibula was sticking out. It was not bleeding at this moment, but I could clearly see a layer of fat and a cavity where the bone used to belong. Surprisingly calm, I covered the gash with my right hand to prevent excessive bleeding while dad hailed a passerby to call an ambulance for us. Upon closer inspection, my dad's right arm and right knee also looked like a bone had broken although with no external wound. At this point, with dread, I called my mom with the bad news knowing that she would be worried out of her mind. My dad also kept repeating "Oh no, Pei, your leg. " Throughout the entire time of waiting for the ambulance, riding in the ambulance, getting checked into the ER and waiting for surgery, I barely thought about the effects of a broken leg but kept worrying about how my parents are going to live with this. I knew my dad would continue to blame himself and my mom him. I cried a few times in the ER because I just wanted to see my dad and tell him everything would be okay, but due to Covid and such we were separated for the entire night. So many times I could tell my mom was barely holding it together being a faint heart at the sight of blood and having to spend the night in the ER with me surrounded by, well, emergency cases and Covid positive patients... 

I obviously had no "expectations" throughout this entire time, but truly I did not expect the biggest repercussion to be mental. The pain I could handle, as it was temporary. After being sewed up and after being assured full recovery in a few months by my orthopedics doctor, there was really not much to worry about except a tough few weeks of crutches and limited freedom ahead. The entire time it was the aftermath on my parents' mental health that worried me the most. Dad's filled with regret and self-blame and mom's filled with anger and anxiety. I blame myself to some extent as it was ultimately my request to ride such a dangerous mode of transportation, but in the end an accident is just that. It can happen to anybody at anytime, so there is no point putting blame on anyone. We can only look forward, learn our lesson from this, and continue living our lives. 

It has now been three weeks since my surgery and two weeks since getting discharged from the hospital. Things are looking up, dad and I are both able to walk... kind of (me with crutches, him with a limp) and we have returned to hanging out with their pet bird and making jokes. It seems both of them are a bit less on edge, after seeing a concrete timeline of our recovery and significant progress. I don't know how to help my dad get rid of his regret, as I'm sure a part of it is also struggles from his recovery and not being able to work. I don't know how to stop mom's nightmares of replaying our accident and injuries in her head. I wish I could turn back time and undo everything to make their lives a bit easier. 

I know that I am a good person with a kind heart, but sometimes I feel I'm not as good of a person as everyone makes me out to be. So much of my parents' happiness depends on my brother and I as they dedicated a huge amount of their time, effort, money, etc into not only raising us but making sure we live our best lives. Because of this, there creates a strange loop where their happiness depends on how healthy and happy I am, but my greatest happiness is seeing them live a good life. So, this accident really threw all that into a weird place. All I'm saying is that I have been humbled by this accident to slow down, calm down and not live a crazy life. I need to focus on enjoying the company of loved ones and less on advancing my careeer so urgently. This is how life is meant to be. This is a balanced life. Leave room for being bored in the company of loved ones, rather than signing up for a full course load and a full time job in one semester. Do your best at work, but don't overwork yourself and stress to the point of ruining your diet. It's not worth it. Take care of your body and budget your time well enough so it's easy to focus on health. That's the goal moving forward. 

Turning a tragic motorcycle accident around to see the optimistic side, I have a newfound perspective on life and an extra month of time I get to spend with my lovely parents. I'm not trying to change myself or my personality or try to be perfect by a long shot. In fact, I am hoping to embrace and welcome the imperfections. Imperfection is a part of life and that's what makes it so exciting. I hope I can remember all this and channel it into my everyday, instead of just forgetting my priorities after I shut my laptop and go to sleep. 


This accident was a lot of firsts for me 